Update CoVE section (#37)
openownership/bods-dev-handbook: tools.md

* git clone and install [Compile to JSON Schema Tool](https://github.com/OpenDataServices/compile-to-json-schema) per the docs.
* change the BODS schema;
* use JSON Schema Tool to compile the new bods-package schema into the lib-cove-bods [data](https://github.com/openownership/lib-cove-bods/tree/master/data) folder: `compiletojsonschema path/to/bods-package.json > path/to/lib-cove-bods/data/schema-X-Y-Z.json` X-Y-Z should be version number of the schema. You can temporarily alter the schema for an existing version, or make a new version of the schema.
* if you have chosen to create a new version of the schema, you will also need to update the libcovebods/config.py file in lib-cove-bods by adding in the new schema. 
* The `schema_versions` setting maps the value of the bodsVersion field in the data to the schema file the tool will check it against.
* The easiest way to add in the new schema is to copy the block of code for an existing schema and paste into the array (make sure of the right bracket level);
* The text before the colon is the name of the schema used by the code - update this to reflect the bodsVersion that will be referenced in the json files;

> * Within schema_url update the filename to reflect the new json schema file that was saved down earlier;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Within schema_url update the filename to reflect the new json schema file that was added to the lib-cove-bods/data directory earlier;
```
